---
title: 'Do what you’re good at, pay for the rest'
date: 2017-12-02 00:00:00
featured_image: /images/stream.jpg
---

Remodeling an airstream is an extremely multifaceted project. Dealing
with the interior alone, there’s the design parts but also furniture
building, surface finishing, electrical, plumbing, gas work, and loads
of other stuff to figure out. With the internet and some general
knowledge of fixing or building things, you can get pretty far.
However, sometimes you just have to let the pro’s do what they do.
After all, time is money and when you don’t know what you’re doing
its too easy to waste both.

In our case, resealing the airstream was what encouraged us to spend
the cash getting some things done right. As tends to happen, Spring
time came in the Crescent City and brought the usual deluge of showers.
I remember mentioning to Katie how unfortunate is was that we bought
the airstream in the dry season because it was quite leaky when the water
came. We did some research, bought some stuff, and tried to reseal the
exterior skin ourselves. WHOOOA BOY is that tough. Simply removing the
old caulk is challenging in itself. Then, reapplying the new stuff with
a quality bead takes practice and a patient, steady hand.

After too many fingernails on metal and frustration, I contacted [Stepper RV](http://www.stepperrv.com/Home.html)
in Harvey, Louisiana, to schedule a reseal and some other services.
We moved the airstream to Stepper RV on May 30, 2017, and finally picked
it back up October 19, 2017.

## Stepper RV

Here I want to stop talking about us and our Airstream and mention that
Stepper RV is an extremely great business. The owners, Roger and Michelle,
are two of the friendliest people in the friendliest part of America.
For example, Roger spoke to me for about hour on my first phone call about
where to source spare parts, what maintenance to prioritize, and even
gave me some tips on doing the reseal myself. They had a really rough
summer, but through it all they maintained a professional attitude and
did everything possible to continue to serve their customers. In the
end, they fully delivered. I’m very happy with the work they did and highly
recommend Stepper RV.

## The fixes (and the not yet fixed)

Stepper fixed or updated our Airstream’s

- Leak issues due to poor seals
- Old ceiling vents
- Inoperable rear window and fire escape
- New hot water heater

I think the coolest upgrade are the ceiling vents. The stock vents were
pretty crusty and ugly, though they did work. These new vents are large
and have an electric two-way fan so we can pull are in or push are out.
Or Both! The downside is that we lost the stock ceiling light mounts
that were part of the old vents, but we’ll find a way around that.

Stepper also unglued the rear window which now provides an emergency
escape if we can’t use the door. It also fortunately gives the bathroom a vent.

Finally, Stepper installed our shiny new hot water heater. Its on us
to connect the electrical and water systems, but at least its in place.

Thats it! Look out for more updates to come.
