---
title: 'The most New Orleans story ever told'
date: 2017-12-03 00:00:00
featured_image: /images/stream.jpg
---

This story starts on May  29, 2017. Memorial Day. A day we’ll never forget.

Ok, it wasnt actually that traumatic, but it was definitely unbelievable
and I’m documenting it to both share with the world and make sure that
Katie and I indeed do not forget it.

There are no pictures because this was not a picture-taking kind of day.

I flew into New Orleans from Boulder on Friday, May 26, for the specific
reason of moving the Airstream from the lot where we had it parked since
October 2016 in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans to Stepper RV
for some repairs. Stepper was closed all weekend and Monday due to the
Memorial Day holiday so Katie and I both took off of work and planned to
move the Airstream Tuesday morning. I was scheduled to fly back to Boulder
Tuesday evening.

On Monday, May 29, we went over to the Airstream to plan how we were going
to move it out of the current lot and over to Stepper RV. Immediately,
there were some problems; most notably, a car had been parked in front of the
lot for a few weeks and we didn’t know who owned it. Katie left a nice note
asking the owner to move for the morning, and we blocked off the space around
the car with trash cans and tree branches to prevent any more people from
blocking us in. We packed up the Airstream that night and went to sleep
hoping that the car would miraculously move by the morning.

Tuesday, May 30, came and we, as usual, got a later start than we wanted.
It was also steadily raining and generally not a great day to try to move
a trailer that you aren’t very comfortable towing. Anyway, we got our
caffeine and breakfast and started making our way to Central City.

## 10:00 am

Katie dropped me off at UHaul and went ahead to scope out the car situation.
It was still there. Not even close to moving. I had made the UHaul reservation
for 8 am and was two hours late so my truck had been rented. Luckily, someone
else had also skipped their pickup reservation so there was a spare truck for
us, but it was a stressful 20 minutes where I was frantically searching
neighboring UHauls and truck rental companies for a truck.

## 10:45 am

I made it to the Airstream with the truck and found Katie chatting with some
neighbors trying to trace the owner of the car. We get some intel that the
owner of a particularly sketchy apartment building knows who owns the car.
So we start knocking on doors and calling out through broken window panes
hoping to catch someone's attention in the building. Its worth noting here
that the crowd in this building is less than welcoming. I once saw someone
disappear behind the gate with gun in hand. Getting anyone’s attention in
that place was exactly what we had tried to avoid the entire time!

Finally, the owner of the building comes out to tell us that it is
Dom’s car. So where do we find Dom?? The owner of the building says he’s
going to get in touch but won’t give us Dom’s number.

## 11:50

The first neighbor in this story says he knows Dom’s aunt so he tries to
call her. Unfortunately, after some time he realizes she’s on a cruise.
Of course she’s ON A CRUISE!

The apartment building owner finally gets through to Dom who is at work
on his lunch break. We get Dom’s phone number and are able to talk to him
directly.

## 12:50

Dom shows up at the Airstream intent on moving this car.

Dom turns out to be a really sweet guy. But the car isn’t his, it’s his
brother’s. And neither of them know where to find the key. So Dom starts
problem solving and comes up with some ideas for getting this car out of
the way.

First attempt: disconnect the drive shaft so we can just roll the car back.
In the rainy, nasty street of Central City New Orleans, Dom jacks the car
up and gets to work underneath. But it doesn’t work.

Second attempt: push the car back with Dom’s second car that is parked
directly in front of the offending car. To clarify, this is not Dom’s
daily driver. That’s a Volvo. This is a Grand Am, or something, that he’s
storing on the curb. He gets in the Grand Am but it doesn’t turn on.
The battery is dead. So Dom whips out the jumper cables and charges the
battery with his Volvo.

Right around the time Dom showed up on the scene, I was getting in touch
with New Orleans Department of Public Works Parking division hoping they
could tow the car since there was a very clear “No Parking” sign posted
where the car was parked. However, they informed me that the car first
has to be ticketed and then it can be towed. Being past noon, I had
little hope that we would get this thing towed in time to get the
trailer out before my flight, but I started the process anyway. So while
Dom was attempting to jump-start the Grand Am, a New Orleans Parking
agent shows up to ticket the car. I didn’t know it was Dom’s brother’s
car when I called DPW, so now things are a little awkward. Do I let
them ticket the car and hope to get it towed ASAP or do I trust that
Dom can get it moved? I went with the latter. No ticket.

It’s still raining. Its cold. Katie and I are hungry and I’m cranky.
But Dom gets the Grand Am running.

## 1:45

With the Grand Am running, Dom lines up to start shoving the car back
when we realize that the front wheels are turned. If he’s actually
able to move the car, it’s going to end up in the middle of the street!

Third attempt: Katie and I have a heavy duty jack with wheels and Dom
does, as well, so the next plan is to shove the car back while the
front end is raised on jacks. The astute reader may rightfully point
out that there’s no way this is going to work as planned. The bumps
in the road are bigger than the wheels on the jacks. But we try anyway.

The car is jacked, the Grand Am is lined up with Dom at the wheel,
and I’m yelling “GO FOR IT!”. Eight inches later, the jacks tip over
and the car is firmly back on the ground. So we give it another go.
And another. And another many more. Very, very slowly, this car is
actually getting out the of the way! We still had to steer it a
bit to avoid the curb and avoid leaving it in traffic, but it
totally worked. While Dom is cool as if he knew all along this is
how his day would go, I’m completely stunned. We might actually get
this trailer to Stepper before the day is done.

## 2:30

I back the UHaul truck up to the airstream and we hitch it up.
However, since its been raining all day, the rear tires start to sink
in the mud with the added weight. On my first attempt to tow the airstream
out, the truck is spinning wheels. So Katie finds some wood planks and
makes a track for the truck to roll on. I’m jumping in and out of the truck
getting this rental real nice and muddy inside.

After about 20 minutes, we get some traction and the Airstream clears the
gates quite easily. We’re ready to roll!!

## 3:30

Driving this thing to Stepper RV was horrible. Its raining, we have to
drive over a huge bridge, the airstream is bouncing around with months of our
hard work inside. Finally, we land at Stepper, unhitch the trailer in their
spare parking, and go inside looking real soggy to let them know its their
problem now.

When I dropped off the rental truck, I was informed that I could clean out
the mud myself or they would charge me a cleaning fee. Icing on the cake.

## 4:30

Lüke happy hour for a very much needed beer, burger, and oysters.

## 5:30

I’m off to the airport. After getting through security, I sit down in a comfy
lounge chair and plug my phone in to charge. Admittedly, I shut my eyes for
a few minutes as the day’s struggles were really catching up to me.

Then, I get up from my chair to catch my flight but leave my phone, which is
in a wallet case, right there on the chair in the Louis Armstrong Airport
terminal. I arrive in Phoenix for a layover to find out that I have no phone,
no ID, no cash ... only a credit card that I was so so luckily using as
a bookmark.

## So thats a wrap

If you don’t think this is a classic New Orleans situation, you don’t know
New Orleans. But I must admit, its pretty extreme. Everything less than
catastrophic that could go wrong did. Through it all, Katie and I kept
level heads and continued problem solving along with Dom.

This day really sucked but the struggle put things into
perspective. Nothing is ever easy. But everything is easier when you have
a strong partner sharing the burden.
